Initial commit for gardener shoot oidc extension (#1)
gardener/gardener-extension-shoot-oidc-service: README.md

# [Gardener Extension for openid connect services](https://gardener.cloud)

[![reuse compliant](https://reuse.software/badge/reuse-compliant.svg)](https://reuse.software/)

Project Gardener implements the automated management and operation of [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) clusters as a service.
Its main principle is to leverage Kubernetes concepts for all of its tasks.

Recently, most of the vendor specific logic has been developed [in-tree](https://github.com/gardener/gardener).
However, the project has grown to a size where it is very hard to extend, maintain, and test.
With [GEP-1](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/proposals/01-extensibility.md) we have proposed how the architecture can be changed in a way to support external controllers that contain their very own vendor specifics.
This way, we can keep Gardener core clean and independent.

> This controller implements Gardener's extension contract for the AWS provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This controller implements Gardener's extension contract for the `extension.extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1` extension.
```

Or 

```suggestion
This controller implements Gardener's extension contract for the shoot-oidc-service Extension.
```

An example for a `ControllerRegistration` resource that can be used to register this controller to Gardener can be found [here](example/controller-registration.yaml).

Please find more information regarding the extensibility concepts and a detailed proposal [here](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/proposals/01-extensibility.md).

## Extension Resources

Example extension resource:

```yaml
apiVersion: extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1
kind: Extension
metadata:
  name: extension-shoot-oidc-service
  namespace: shoot--project--abc
spec:
  type: shoot-oidc-service
```

When an extension resource is reconciled, the extension controller will create an instance of [OIDC Webhook Authenticator](https://github.com/gardener/oidc-webhook-authenticator). These resources are placed inside the shoot namespace on the seed. Also, the controller takes care about generating necessary `RBAC` resources for the seed as well as for the shoot.

> Please note, this extension controller relies on the [Gardener-Resource-Manager](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-resource-manager) to deploy k8s resources to seed and shoot clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, this extension controller relies on the [Gardener-Resource-Manager](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/concepts/resource-manager.md) to deploy k8s resources to seed and shoot clusters.
```
